Link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/kayla-thurman/pen/ExKwVJE?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
        Tags that give the code meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It's a markup language that is the foundation of websites
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute provides additional info about the element and is at the beging and ending tags
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag identifies the most important title on the page and can only be used once on a page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        <a><param>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        header
    7. What is an id? 
        an id is used for anchoring, it can only be used once on a page
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        specific elements that need to be identified too later
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        used to group several elements together
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        <div>
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        many times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        a href ="""target"="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        displaying alternate text if a user cannot view the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
        ."id name"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section is semantic container, div is smaller and nonsemantic
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        styling the html 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        type the element
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class would be used when there are many elements that will be grouped together where id is specifically 
        anchoring one element.So if i needed an entire block of code plus a different block later on in the bage 
        to have the same style i would put them all in the same class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        #class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p #human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        parent child selectors are how we determine the hierarchy in the code. This is useful when styling
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        #sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
         *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        <!--comment-->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm file name, it cant be undone
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to see changes made and compare to past versions incase of mistakes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        any time big change is made also as often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin "kayla-felts"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork the file
        make sure its changed to your name
        at tL as collaberator
        clone repo with code button
        cd into directory you want it in
        paste it into terminal git clone"link"
        cd into file cd<reponame>
        git checkout -b 'kayla-felts'
        code .
        git add .
        git commit -m "message about what you changed"
        git push -u origin kayla-felts
        go back to forked repo on github
        click on branch:master and select your name from drop down
        click new pull request
        click basae repository
        change to forked repository
        add TL as reviewer
        submitt but do not merge




